DOCS-1270: Improve generic (#2143)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/modular-resources/_index.md

- **Implement a custom service**: You can implement your own algorithm or {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="model" text="model" >}} against a corresponding service API or use custom algorithms or data models when working with services such as [SLAM](/services/slam/), [vision](/services/vision/), or [motion planning](/services/motion/).

To create a new modular resource:

1. [Code a new resource model](/modular-resources/create/) by implementing all methods for the component's or service's [standardized API](/program/apis/).
1. Package your modular resource or modular resources as a {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="module" text="module" >}} and [upload the module to the Viam registry](/modular-resources/upload/) to make it available for deployment to robots.
   You can upload _private_ modules for your [organization](/manage/fleet/organizations/) or _public_ modules.
1. Once you have uploaded your module to the registry, you can [deploy and configure the module](/modular-resources/configure/) from [the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/).
   You can test your added resource using the [**Control** tab](/manage/fleet/#remote-control) and [program](/program/) it with Viam's Go or Python SDKs.

> ### Unique cases

Reviewer: This header works for me, thanks!

> If your hardware won't work with any of the standard component APIs, you can use the [generic API](/components/generic/).

Reviewer: Similar to Naomi's comment, I'd like to move away from "won't work" (= Viam doesn't work). What about:

```suggestion
If you are using unique hardware that does not already have an [appropriate API](/program/apis/#component-apis) defined to support it, you can use the [generic API](/components/generic/) to add support for that unique hardware type to your smart machine.
```
